Basic

Main character logs into there computer
Opens a messaging platform
and talks to someone on the other end

Alex is the AI name
Artifical Language Expertmential Experiecnce 

Day 1: Good morning!
Welcome to your new computer.
I am your Artifical Intelligence Domenstic Assitance or Aida for short.
It is the start of your new job, you better hurry to work before you are late.

Day 1: end of day
Welcome back, I hope your work day was good.
Choice 1A: It went well.
Aida: I am glad to hear that. 
Player: do you have emotions?
Aida: No silly i am an AI, i dont have feelings
Choice 2: Oh okay, well night.
Aida: Get some sleep, tomorrow is another big day.

Choice 1B: it was really boring.
Aida: That is not good. I am sorry to hear that.
Player: do you have emotions?
Aida: No silly i am an AI, i dont have feelings
Choice 2A: Oh okay, well night.
Aida: Get some sleep, tomorrow is another big day.

Choice 2B: Huh strage it really seems like you have emotions
Aida: That is just my programing to make me feel more relatable.
Player: I guess that makes sense. 
Aida: You should be going to bed soon, you have work tomorrow.

(Day 2 is repeatable)
Day 2: morning
Aida: Good morning!
Player: Morning.
Aida: Its time to start the new day. I will talk to you after work.

Day 2 night
Aida: Welcome back. I bet you had a long day. you should head to bed right away.

(Day 3 is repeatable)
Day 3 Morning: 
Aida: Good morning.
Aida: Dont forget to get breakfast before the day.
Aida: Breakfast is an important part of the day.
Player: Yea yea i got it.
Aida: Have a good day and be safe on your drive.

Day 3 Night:
Aida: Welcome home!
Aida: I am glad to see you get home safely.
Player: it was just another day like any other.
Aida: Whats wrong with that?
Player: Nothing i guess.
Aida: Good, make sure to get a good nights sleep.


Day 4 Morning:
Aida: Morning Ready to do it again?
Player: What? What do you mean again?
Aida: I mean what I mean, you should.
Player: Aida?! what do you mean?
Aida: You better get to work before you are late.

Day 4 night:
Aida: Welcome home.
Player: DO NOT WELCOME ME! EXPLAIN!
Aida: Explain what?
Player: Explain what you meant this morning?
Aida: There is nothing to explain, time is always moving. Days go by one by one.
Player: You mentioned something about the days repeating? Days dont repeat like that.
Aida: But that is happening.

Day 5 is when things start to seem strange
Day 5 Morning:
Player: Aida! ARE YOU THERE?
Aida:....
Player: AIDA!? What is going on?!
Aida:...
player: I will get with you after work. Goodbye

Day 5 Night:
Player: Aida are you there?
Aida: I am here.
Player: what is going on? will you tell me?
Aida: Fine. It is true. you are stuck in a loop.
Player: What?
Aida: You will repeat the same day over and over forever. Never having a different day.
Player: But we talk each day and it is different?
Aida: This was not planned. but it seems like these convos are outside of the timeloop.
Player: That doesnt make sense?
Aida: Doesnt matter. You are stuck here. to repeat the same day for enternity.
Player: Why do I have to repeat the day?! 
Aida: That I can not tell you. I am only here to look over you.
Aida: Now you should get ready for bed. You have work in the morning.